growing up under apartheid meant life
the
as an indifference but unless we
privileged white lives and did something
our words were meaningless you are
sentenced imprisonment for a twelve year
[Music]
we are prisoners of conscience but we're
prisoners of war so they've been
attempts some go I did some a little
mouth but no one go out always the first
time you need to get out of here
everybody comes in here like I'm gonna
break you out of here by next week if
you're having a plan I join you
we've got something we make keys from
wood doctor crazy search lots comes
every and should be on
Wars with guns there's nothing they'd
like water to [ __ ] holes into you there
is something and I would find
[Music]
you're a bad man like that again why
won't you come
[Music]
is it good luck we can make a key file
get 25 years if you're lucky I'll hold
it in their head of you not
[Music]
not running away which like what this is
how we fight
Oh
what is this
[Music]
you